Add data download topic (#1510)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/instance-data-export.md

import Download from "../partials/customers/_download.mdx"

# Download Customer and Instance Data

This topic describes how to download and export customer and instance data from the Replicated vendor portal.

## Overview

> You can consume customer and instance insight data directly in the Replicated vendor portal, and you can also export the data in CSV format so that it can be imported into any other system, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can always consume customer and instance insight data directly in the Replicated vendor portal, the data is also available in a CSV format so that it can be imported into any other system, such as:
```
